all right tonight I'm going to make
something very simple I'm just going to
do a fried pork chop
sounds pretty basic but they are good
okay so I got our pork chops here these
just happen to be some pork chops I
bought at the local farmers market and
they're from Berkshire port which is a
really good breed of port if you get a
chance shop your local farmers market
check out the local farmers and stuff a
lot of times dial your support in your
local community but a lot of times the
food that they produce is actually
better than what you can buy in the
supermarkets so put a little salt in my
pork I'm also going to season my flour
here a little bit I've got two
tablespoons of flour exact measurements
really aren't that important on that all
we're going to do is put a little bit on
the outside of the pork shop to help it
brown we're also gonna put a black
pepper on our pork chop it in our flour
pork chops I want to season both sides
of these
I got my pan heating up here should be
pretty warm the oil in here will get hot
swirl that around yeah that's probably
pretty warm we're going to do we take a
flower spread it out
a little flower on both sides of this
chop
and we're using kind of a medium heat we
don't want to want it high enough to
make sure that we Brown but we don't
want it so high that we brown the
outside and a rock in the middle still
raw
and so whenever they get brown on this
side we're just going to flip them over
this stuff here we're just going to kind
of break that off flip it over
so whatever that side gets browned a
little bit what we're going to do is
we're going to start making sure we're
brown on all of our sides
this won't take very long
so we're going to do is we're gonna
taking put things on the plate and we're
going to put them in the oven and take
that out to the other it's just just
heating up anyway hang out aid in our
oil flavor that away a little bit
we're also got a clove of garlic that
sliced up while we're doing rears flavor
in the oil
there we go and we'll take the sage and
the garlic out and we'll put these
crispy bits back in there a little
sliced up onion and we're going to
soften this onion up so our onions have
softened up quite a bit a little bit of
color on the chicken stock pinch of salt
black pepper
when crank the heat up
give this a stir
all right yeah I have two tablespoons of
cold butter
go ahead turn that burner off
and we'll just finish building that
butter in our sauce is ready okay so our
pork chops are out of the oven we're
going to pick one of these now I've got
some mashed cauliflower here and our
pork chop on there make sure we get some
of our sauce on here
there it is ready to serve
alright so
onion mmm - good